One Pace Premium
Keep the project alive: ko-fi.com/not6ip
What?! Ah...!
You mooks!
It's your fault he got away!
He was our golden goose!
Dive, Dive, Dive!
Vacate the premises!
Don't think we won't arrest all of you!
What are you doing, Marines?!
Don't interrupt Soul King!
Hey, what's going on in there?
It's a riot!
The Marines suddenly stormed in here
ready to arrest Soul King,
but he got away because
his fans blocked his pursuers!
Damn it all! That backstabbing...!
That's right! This is big news!
The musician Brook is on
Straw Hat Luffy's crew!
He's actually a pirate!
You have my thanks!
That's what I call good timing.
Big Sis Shakky sent me! Your friends
should be waiting at Grove 42!
It's been a while! My heart
is filled with anticipation!
Oh, I don't have a heart to be filled.
Grove 41
That's right!
The Marines are on the move,
and Luffy is in the area!
We're taking the Sunny to Grove 42,
so we'll see you there!
Roger.
What was that?
Hey, weren't you listening?
How should I put this...?
Marines. Come. We. Ship. Run.
Understand?
I'd understand better if you said it normally!
But full sentences are hard for muscleheads.
What?!
Alright. You. Later. Slashed.
Yeah, yeah.
By the way, do you hear that uproar?
Huh?
Indeed. There. Noisy.
Shut up, all of you!
We've gone and found
one of the perpetrators...
who dared to show me disrespect!
This guy!
Huh?
I'll start by teaching this guy a lesson!
He'll learn not to mess with me!
And what I'm about to do to him...
will be a warning to each
and every one of you!
If you mess with me, this is
how you're gonna end up!
You get my drift, you louts?!
A guy with a 400-million-belly
bounty sure is scary!
What's the matter with this guy?
Zoro, Sanji, do you know him?
Huh?
You see, earlier...
End of the line, pirates!
Straw Hat Luffy and all his
followers will surrender now!
Th-The Marines...?!
We've blocked off every exit from Grove 46!
There's no escape now!
H... How did the Marines find out about me?
What do you mean by that?!
Hey, Captain! We're under siege!
Don't panic, idiot!
Why else would we get
all these new members?!
Some of 'em are worth over 100 million!
But we're outnumbered...
Just watch, dumbass!
Hey, Caribou!
Use that Marine as a shield to clear a path!
Did he say "Marine"...?
Looks like they caught one of our scouts!
Damn, that's not good!
What are you doing, Caribou?!
Using him is our ticket outta here!
I can't do that, Big Boss!
What?
Because this soldier told a lie...
He said he hadn't called the Marines yet!
Don't do it!
That crazy bastard ignored my order!
Uh-oh, he did it...
They seem to follow an underhanded rule
that lets them lie to their enemies!
Boy, do I find that distasteful!
So none of you have
any intention to surrender!
After them! Get those pirates!
Dumbasses! Our boss is worth 400 million!
He's Straw Hat Luffy, y'know?!
Bring it on!
This ain't good, Captain. Let's run!
You ingrates! Listen to your captain!
Huh? Why would they be calling me "boss"?
Again, what do you mean by that?
Don't them frighten you! C'mon!
You're...
the one worth 88 million,
Lip "Service" Doughty!
I just love the way you fight.
Don't be scared! Get ready to shoot!
He's got a bounty of 92 million...
Albion "the Maimed"!
Don't back down! Fight for justice!
– Yeah!
The blood of hypocrites is so smelly!
A bounty of 210 million...
The pirate "Wet-Haired" Caribou!
Surrender now!
Wait... you've eaten a devil fruit?!
You shouldn't have done that!
It's not healthy to push yourself too hard!
My sword...!
Wh-Whoa! Now what's going on?!
Pacifista!
What?!
Why are the Marines' human weapons here?!
It's those guys who look like Kuma!
But Hancock told me not to cause trouble...
Seriously, what the hell
do you mean by that?!
Pirate Straw Hat Luffy: Confirmed.
Are those actual pacifista?
And they're shooting at me?!
Pacifista, you say? How thrilling!
88-million-belly bounty,
Lip "Service" Doughty: Subdued.
Captain Doughty!
Follow the pacifista! Catch the pirates!
– Yeah!
With one shot...?!
Even with a bounty of 88 million,
he was no match.
This isn't goo– Wha...?!
Captain, where are you going?!
Wait for me!
Hey, hey!
Morons! He wrecked Doughty,
so we've got no chance! We'd better run!
Boss Straw Hat, do something!
At this rate, those human weapons
are gonna wipe us all out!
Big Boss...!
Huh?
Big Boss is gone!
Big Boss?
Do they mean Straw Hat?
Wait! My side hurts!
You morons...! Run, or they'll kill–
You're in the way, idiot!
Huh? Who are you?
That's...
Big Boss!
Why are you going around as Straw Hat?
H-H-Hey, you bastard!
Do you know who I am?!
Move it, or I'll rip out
your guts till you're dead!
This may come as a surprise, but I'm
the son of Dragon the Revolutionary!
And Garp the Hero's grandson!
I'm a big-time pirate with
a 400-million-belly bounty, Straw–
A scumbag like you can't be Straw Hat!
Wha...?
Huh?
Ah...!
– What?!
Boss Straw Hat...!
I see now.
They all got tricked into joining
a fake Straw Hat crew.
PX-5, who is this guy really?
Pirate "Triple-Tongued" Demaro Black.
Bounty: 26 million belly.
– What?!
Twenty-six million? That means he's...
– ...a fake?!
They found out! Run for it!
Is this guy for real?!
So he posed as Straw Hat
Luffy and tricked us!
Because the real one is dead!
Damn! I was nearly had by a weakling
with a measly 26-million-belly bounty!
What?
That guy was pretending to be me?
Then, Sanji and Zoro too?
They looked just like the real ones!
I'd better leave before anything else happens.
That faker is an idiot,
but you morons are also out of luck.
You're all under arrest!
And it just so happens that
the real Straw Hat is here too.
PX-5 detected him when we entered this area.
Blast him, PX-5!
That was close!
What are you doing?!
This bag is holding all my precious lunches!
His... His face...
– It's just like the poster!
That guy is the real Straw Hat!
Stand firm!
We came here to catch the real one anyway!
– Aye aye!
Straw Hat!
What?! Are you gonna
try and stop me again?!
I'm supposed to stay out
of trouble so I can set sail!
Don't worry! You won't need to set sail!
Unlike two years ago, I'm officially
a member of the Marines now!
So, this is where I capture you!
PX-5!
Pretty slow...
What?!
Gear Second!
Gum-Gum...
Jet Pistol!
Straw Hat...
He's using haki!
– He beat the pacifista with a single blow!
See ya!
I bet we'll meet again somewhere!
Wait, Straw Hat!
Don't let Straw Hat get away!
– Yeah!
Hey, Luffy!
Oh?
Luffy! I knew it was you!
Why are you always in trouble?!
Ohhh!
No mistake this time! It's been a while, guys!
Roronoa! Black Leg! So they're alive too?!
PX-7!
– Outta my way!
I cut him!
No, I broke his neck!
It's the Straw Hats! The real ones!
They're nothing like the fake Straw Hats!
Hey, Luffy, you're the ninth.
Shut up! Imagine gloating about that!
C'mon, Luffy! Everyone's on the ship!
Okay!
Don't let them get away!
Catch them at any cost!
– Aye aye!
It's been a really long time!
I wonder how everybody is!
I'm so happy!
Hey, what's wrong?
Oh!
Rayleigh!
What?!
No way!
Dark King Rayleigh?!
I wanted to check on you,
but you seem to be doing just fine.
You've refined your skills even further.
Uh-huh!
Now get going! Your friends are waiting.
Uh-huh! Rayleigh, thank you
for everything these past two years!
This isn't like you at all. Just go!
Rayleigh!
I'll do it!
I'm gonna become King of the Pirates!
What are you guys doing?!
Get Straw Hat already!
Oops!
Hurry up, Luffy!
Rayleigh, thank you for everything!
Well then, Rayleigh...!
Thanks again for everything!
I'm going now!
Yes...
They went that way!
– After them!
– Don't let them escape!
Rise to the top!
The Straw Hats are heading for Grove 42!
Don't let them get away!
What was that?
Dark King Rayleigh!
It's a new beginning for my pupil!
Don't be too hard on him.
Wh-What is this line?
I do not recommend crossing it.
Oh, bubble bags! There're so many!
What's in them?
They're filled with food. I imagine everyone's
stomachs got bigger over the past two years.
I'll let you fill up later!
Really?! I can't wait to eat your cooking!
There they are! They're this way!
Oh? They circled ahead!
No choice, huh?
Everybody, charge!
– Yeah!
I wanna... become a flea...
What's wrong? What're you...?
I wanna become a mite...
What?!
What in the world...?
I... I...
I wanna become a louse...
Hey!
It must be...
As I suspected,
this mess is your doing.
I can't believe it!
You haven't gotten anywhere yet!
That's right! I remember you from Thriller Bark!
She was...?
What are you still doing here?
You should be nicer to the one
who brought you back to this island!
If I hadn't directed you, why, you'd be...
Just try a little gratitu–
A real woman! A real woman!
Of course I am! What,
are you sick in the head?
Anyway, set sail already!
I saw some Marine ships around here!
– What?
Soon, there'll be no way out!
The Straw Hats' Rendezvous Point, Grove 42 Shore
Oh?!
That voice...!
Usopp! Nami! Robin!
♪ Frrranky! ♪
Brook!
Hey! I can't believe you abandoned stardom!
Attaboy!
It's been a long time, everybody!
You two have become even more beautiful!
Alright, Nami...
it's been two years, so...
Oh, are you gonna sing for us?
...would you be so kind
as to show me your pa–
What do you think?!
I never let you see them two years ago either!
I-I'm so excited to see you again... See?
It's... making my heart quiver. Although...
I don't have a heart that can quiver...
Hey...! The rock star is having convulsions.
Honestly! None of you guys have grown up.
By the way...
Looks like we're missing a few members.
Oh, right. Chopper went to pick them up–
Hey!
– Huh?
They're finally here!
Wow, hey!
Everybody!
I found them!
Luffy! Zoro! Sanji!
Hey!
Luffy! I missed you so much!
You guys sure do look manlier!
We're all back together again!
Finally–
Oh!
Guys!
What?!
Sanji!
Well then, thank you!
Tell everyone in the Birdie Kingdom I said hi!
Usopp! Is Sanji alright?!
One... One... One beautiful woman...
Hey, stay with me!
Two beautiful women...
Chopper, this is real bad!
We've gotta stop the bleeding!
F-F-Franky, you're...!
What's the matter?
Is there something that concerns you-mecha?
"Mecha"?! I wanna try too!
Wait, Luffy!
Leave that crap for later!
It looks like the Marine ships are already here!
Oh, no! When did they get here?!
Three Marine ships!
Hey, should we fight?!
They're gaining on us!
Fire! Send them to the depths!
Slave...
Arrow!
Wha...? What just happened?
I-It's...
The Kuja Pirates!
Who...
put a Marine ship...
in my way?
That's the Kuja emblem!
The "Kuja"?
They're strong Amazonian pirates led
by the Pirate Empress, one of the Warlords.
A Warlord?!
Empress Boa Hancock.
They say anyone who sees her
becomes infatuated and turns to stone.
Oh, too bright! She is dazzling!
There is no end to her beauty!
You weren't kidding! She's a goddess!
Goddess?!
Where is she?!
Goddess? Goddess?
Goddess... Oh, goddess... Oh, goddess... G... G... Goddess...
He turned to stone!
Hey, that's Hancock and her pirates!
– Huh?
Move your ship, Boa Hancock!
Don't interfere with our duty!
Cease your baseless accusations! I just
can't be bothered to move out of the way.
Sh-She's acting like a child!
Is that a problem?
Go, Luffy... I made an opening for you!
She just winked at us...
She helped us. Let's set sail now!
You know that Warlord?
Yeah... I was sent to the Isle of Women
and became friends with them.
Isn't that the legendary island of women?
It really exists?
You're friends with the Pirate Empress?!
Hey! Did you even get any training done?!
Yeah, I'm all set!
Damn... It's not fair...! It's not fair...!
What's the matter, Sanji?
Whoa, so they're Luffy's friends!
There are a bunch of creatures
that I've never seen before.
– One, two, three, four...
– Looks like they're having fun!
Okay, let's get ready to set sail now!
– Yeah!
– Yes, Nami my sweet!
Huh? What's the matter, Usopp?
It's just that... Did you guys
beat back all those Marines?
No. We could still hear them
shouting as we were flying away.
Then, why aren't they coming
after us from inland?
This is Reinforcement Platoon 3!
Can you hear me?
What's wrong? What happened?
We can't get to Grove 42!
Why not?!
B-Because...
there are huge bugs standing in our way!
What? Bugs?!
What are they?!
Fire!
I won't let them mess
with Usopp'n's new adventure'n!
When men part ways, we don't shed tears'n.
Good luck, Usopp'n!
As long as they're not coming, that's good.
Their trouble is our luck.
Let's just leave now!
Nami, lead the way!
Leave it to me!
Alright!
This is Platoon 4.
I'm sorry.
We got caught in a sudden downpour, and now the gunpowder is wet!
Rain? Where is it raining?
Sabaody Archipelago should be
clear and sunny today!
No thunder.
We want to avoid hurting civilians.
The bubbles here are a pain in the neck...
But it's hard to believe
we caught such perfect wind.
It brought us right to Sabaody Archipelago.
That's because Nami's a natural at this.
Best of luck! We'll miss you
up here on Weatheria!
Oh, it's inflating!
What? This jelly inflates?
Oh, we got a bubble roof!
Listen, everyone.
A coated ship can mitigate
any kind of pressure.
Once Franky removes the buoyancy bag
supporting the ship's keel,
the Sunny's coating will make her start to sink.
That's how it works.
– I see.
Too complicated, huh?
Anyway, lower the sail now!
– The sail?
Rather than the wind, sea currents
drive a coated sailing ship.
So it doesn't just sink to where it's going.
Alright! Let's hurry before we
run into more Marines!
This is Central Platoon 5 at Grove 42!
We have an emergency!
The troops that came before us,
Platoon 2, seem to have become negative!
What are you talking about? "Negative"?!
I wanna become like moss...
I'm no good. I wanna become a water flea...
According to them, Straw Hat Luffy
got on a giant bird and flew away!
Bird? What are you guys doing now?!
We're fighting against unknown enemies!
Marine reinforcements!
We were about to leave...
Everybody!
Straw Hat's ship is in range now!
Wait a minute! A giant bird
is coming toward us!
It's him!
They're behind us!
I got it!
How's that, Nami?
Please watch me...
See how much stronger I've become.
Sanji!
Respond, Platoon 5! What's going on?!
W-We're...
We're facing... an unexpected obstacle...
Don't do it!
How dare you reject us like that!
Maybe they're all shy.
You don't have to be ashamed!
Let's go out for tea sometime!
I-I-I'm going... I'm going crazy, aren't I?!
Oh! You've got such a cute face!
No, don't do it!
What's wrong? Answer, Platoon 5!
Sanji-kins, now's your chance!
Hey, hey, what's wrong, Sanji?!
I-I-I don't know... Suddenly, it felt like
someone was squeezing my heart...
I removed the buoyancy bag!
Okay! And the sail?!
Ready when you are!
Is it time to go, Nami?
Yes, at your command, Captain.
Alright...
You guys!
I have so much I'd like
to tell all of you, but first,
thank you for going along with
my selfish decision for two years!
It's not as if it was the first time.
He's right! You've always been that way!
Rear Admiral, the pirate ship is submerging!
What?! Curses!
Damn you!
Do you have any idea...
how heinous those pirates are? Hey!
Rear Admiral!
Take care, Luffy...
Let down the sail!
– Yes!
– Yeah!
Set sail!
Let's go to Fishman Island!